Expand README and add script (#70)
HackYourCareer/SmartKickers: README.md

# SmartKickers

## Overview

SmartKickers is a project to make your kickers more immersive. It uses Ximea camera to track the ball. 

The following repository contains: 
* Golang server for processing the data.
* React client to display game information.

> You will also need SmartKickersAI provided by the developers per request. It contains:

Reviewer: You can link to the SmartKickersAI repo using markdown syntax [SmartKickersAI](https://github.com/HackYourCareer/SmartKickersAI).

* Ball tracking software.
* Node server responsible for sending data to the Golang server.

Link to SmartKickerAI
https://github.com/HackYourCareer/SmartKickersAI.

## Features

* Keeping track of the score.

## Prerequirements

> * [python 3.10.5](https://www.python.org/downloads/macos/)

Reviewer: That python dependency should be moved to the SmartKickersAI Readme.

Author: We will be adding additional Readme for SmartKickersAI. The same applies to the backend and frontend. This Readme aims to explain to the end-user in the simplest possible way how to run the whole application without having to open several Readme files.

* [node 16.16.0](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

> * npm 8.11.0

Reviewer: You can add information that this version is the minimum supported one like we do [here](https://github.com/kyma-project/busola#prerequisites). My node's version is `v16.14.2` and the code works so that information can be misleading.

* macOS 12.4
## Requirements

* [ximea camera drivers](https://www.ximea.com/support/wiki/apis/ximea_macos_software_package)
* opencv-python 

    ```bash 
    pip3 install open-cv
    ```

* numpy

    ```bash 
    pip3 install numpy
    ```

* imutils

    ```bash 
    pip3 install imutils

>     ```

Reviewer: You should move those dependencies to the SmartKickersAI Readme.

Author: We will be adding additional Readme for SmartKickersAI. The same applies to the backend and frontend. This Readme aims to explain to the end-user in the simplest possible way how to run the whole application without having to open several Readme files.

## Installation

We are using macOS to build and run everything locally for now.

> > **NOTE:** Ensure you have also SmartKickersAI source code.

Reviewer: In my opinion that note isn't needed if the next step you give a command to clone the SmartKickersAI repo.

1. Clone the repositories.

    ```bash 
    git clone git@github.com:HackYourCareer/SmartKickers.git

    git clone git@github.com:HackYourCareer/SmartKickersAI.git
    ```

> 2. Run the requirementsCheck.sh script to check if your system fulfils all requirements.

Reviewer: Couple of things:
1. Both repositories should have their own `requirementsCheck.sh` scripts that include information about their own dependencies.
2. In the `1. Clone the repositories.` you say to clone both repositories but then the users don't know where should they look for the `requirementsCheck.sh script`. You should guide them and add information where should they look for e.g:
```bash
cd SmartKickers
./requirementsCheck.sh
```

Author: 1. We will add this later. For now, this script is just for the end user to check that he has all the dependencies installed.
2. Fixed.

    ```bash 
    ./requirementsCheck.sh
    ```

    > **NOTE:** Be sure to give permission for the script to execute.

3. Install missing dependencies if any missing.

> 4. Switch to **SmartKickers/frontend/smart-kickers-game** and run the following command.

Reviewer: Again, you should guide the user where should he navigate e.g.:
```bash
cd SmartKickers/frontend/smart-kickers-game
npm install
```

    ```bash 
    npm install
    ```

## Launching

> **NOTE:** The configuration for the table in SmartKickersAI is provided by the developers. In the future there will be a manual to help to customize the configuration for any table to achieve the best ball detection accuracy.

> 1. Switch to **SmartKickers/backend** and launch the go server.

Reviewer: As above, navigate the user to the directory using `cd` command.

    ```bash 
    go run main.go
    ```

    <h1 align="center">
        <img src="assets/goLaunch.png">

>     </h1>

Reviewer: In my opinion the picture isn't needed. Would be cool to have an information `Server is running` in the Go server.

Author: We will try implement this later using logrus.

2. Switch to **SmartKickersAI/LocalServer/server** and launch the node server.

    ```bash 
    node server.js
    ```
    <h1 align="center">

>         <img src="assets/nodeLaunch.png">

Reviewer: Having an image is cool, but try to describe what's the information in it.

    </h1>

    After launching the node server you should see the following output from your go server.

    <h1 align="center">
        <img src="assets/goWithNode.png">
    </h1>

    As we can see the last message is the score that is being send to the react app.

> 3. Switch to **SmartKickers/frontend/smart-kickers-game** and launch the react client.

Reviewer: As above, navigate the user to the directory using `cd` command.

    ```bash 
    npm start
    ```

>     Your react app should look like this.

Reviewer: Be consistent in the usage of proper names. Sometimes you use react or/and React. Please choose one.

Author: We only use "React" capitalized on the beginning of sentence.

    ```bash 
    cd SmartKickers/frontend/smart-kickers-game
    npm install
    ```

## Launching

> **NOTE:** The configuration for the table is provided by the developers in SmartKickersAI. In the future, there will be a manual to help to customize the configuration for any table to achieve the best ball detection accuracy.

1. Switch to **SmartKickers/backend** and launch the go server.

    ```bash 
    cd SmartKickers/backend
    go run main.go
    ```

    After launching you should see no response. The server is waiting for data from the node server. We plan to add an indicator of a successful launch in the future using logrus logs.

    <h1 align="center">
        <img src="assets/goLaunch.png">
    </h1>

2. Switch to **SmartKickersAI/LocalServer/server** and launch the node server.

    ```bash 
    cd SmartKickersAI/LocalServer/server
    node server.js
    ```
    You should see the following output indicating that we have successfully connected to the go server.

    <h1 align="center">
        <img src="assets/nodeLaunch.png">
    </h1>

    After launching the node server you should see the following output from your go server.

>     As we can see the last message is the score that is being send to the react app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As you can see, the last message is the score that has been sent to the react app.
```
